hey what's up guys I'm Kay PhD here
welcome to update 8.0 and I never really
talk about my personal life in my videos
but here goes so you might have seen me
wear this shirt in one or two of my
videos or this one right here or this
one
devil Delaware Valley Youth League
it's an Ultimate Frisbee team there I
said it so in less than twenty hours I
will be on a plane with the rest of the
team to Minnesota of all places for the
youth national championships in the
United States when I get back from that
after a short break I'll be moving into
my new apartment because school starting
back up and yes there will be a tour of
that so thumbs up for that I know you
guys keep asking yes I will be getting
to a tour of that just let me get my
stuff together while I'm away for the
next week or so I'm going to be reading
through the comments that are below this
video as for suggestions for the next
couple videos that I put out basically
if there's a particular gadget you want
to see reviewed or two things you want
to see put head-to-head in a vs. or a
particular topic you want to explain be
sure to leave that in a comment down
below this like button on this video and
I'll be going through those and picking
the highest rated ones and the most
popular ones as the next videos that I
produce so if you happen to like a
comment particularly much that you want
to see a video be sure to give that
comment a thumbs up so it'll rise to the
top of the highest rated comments and
I'll see those also with the newest
rollout of the slightly different
YouTube homepage with the larger
thumbnails and the pins on the side you
might want to make sure you have the
mkbhd channel pinned so you make sure
you have my channel name pinned to the
left-hand side of your YouTube homepage
but I have to start packing so I'll
leave you with a highlight reel of the
last Ultimate Frisbee tournament that I
played in which was the d3 college
national championships here's a quick
preview of that
that's how you get but there's a link in
the description to watch the entire
eight minute video in other news there
is a huge giveaway coming up for the
mkbhd channel so make sure you're
following me on twitter and again like I
said make sure you have me pinned so
you're first to know about this and the
information surrounding it
it's gonna be pretty exciting stuff
either way I gotta finish packing now
I've got some stuff to take to Minnesota
to make sure I play my best either way
I'll talk to you guys in the next video
and make sure you leave your comments
suggestions down below looking forward
to reading through those take care guys
bass
[Music]
you